how to get a meter and tracer with agent and spring starter (#4647)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/docs/languages/java/instrumentation.md

Note that you can't force end users to configure the global, so this is the most
brittle option for library instrumentation.

> ### Acquiring a Tracer in Java agent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Acquiring a tracer in Java agent
```

Sentence case in titles unless there's a proper noun, such as "Spring Boot".

Author: also changed the existing headers

### Acquiring a Tracer in Java Agent

> If you are writing a Java Agent, you can acquire a `Tracer` from the global

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are using the OpenTelemetry Java Agent, you can acquire a `Tracer` from the global
```

### Acquiring a Tracer in Spring Boot starter

> If you are writing a Spring Boot starter, you can acquire a `Tracer` from the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are using the OpenTelemetry Spring Boot Starter, you can acquire a `Tracer` from the
```

### Acquiring a Meter in Java Agent

> If you are writing a Java Agent, you can acquire a `Meter` from the global

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are using the OpenTelemetry Java Agent, you can acquire a `Meter` from the global
```

### Acquiring a Meter in Spring Boot starter

> If you are writing a Spring Boot starter, you can acquire a `Meter` from the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are using the OpenTelemetry Spring Boot Starter, you can acquire a `Meter` from the
```
